berlusconi the five year old brown
Trakehner stallion by axis out of the band
era of peace prince diamond bonus
berlusconi convinces with his
modernity and its supreme
remarkable correctness in the fundament
at the Trakehner Congestion in Münster
The noble brown 2011 impressed with much
He also showed elasticity and elasticity
very clever with the jump
impressive manner and technique
30 days test in moritzburg was the
2012 with many good grades in eighth
Area for its reason can be the ones
Spring plant and its interior of the rub
colored fathers axis tsf was already in
young people celebrate great successes
meanwhile he belongs to his
rider terrys the gas to finnish
dressage squad with currently 60 victories and
Placements in the heavy class of
dressur up to the world cup, it is the
currently most successful trakehner rosso
drives the coveted blood of the
for-performance labor law by
high own achievement impresses berlusconis
mother father is the sporty
put up elite stallion peace prince
an athlete in the dressage quad under
nicole uphoff as well as under lisa bill cox
with numerous victories to the grand
prix attracted attention
berlusconi's mother bandera was herself
fourth of the Bundeschampionat 2003 and
already brought the premium stallion
banderas the state stud warendorf
is stationed
berlusconi is a complete one
multitalent which with high
accuracy values ​​in both sectors
can score
permeability obedient and
convince willingness to learn
jump like dressage riders alike